Do I need advice?
Hello, we have pedicure, manicures, waxing, kid (12 & under), acrylic, dipping gel, add-on, shellac (gel), eyelash extension and French set services available. Which service would you like to consult?
Do I need to make an appointment in advance?
You can come directly to the store, the receptionist will arrange a technician for you. However, so that the store can serve you better, please make an appointment directly here or visit the link http://localhost:3000/
Please give me nail designs
Yes, just wait a moment, a staff member will contact you and send you the most popular nail designs today. You can also visit the link http://localhost:3000/gallery to see the nail designs currently available at the store.
Does your store have Waxing service?
The store has Waxing service with prices starting from only $7
How much does Waxing cost?
Waxing price is only from $7 depending on your needs. The most popular Waxing services are full face - 35$, full arm - 40$ and full leg - 50$. You can also visit the link http://localhost:3000/services to refer to the store's current waxing price list.
Do you do nails for children?
We have nail services for children 12 years old and under with preferential prices from only $5.
How much does nail service for children cost?
Children's nail service costs only from $5 for your reference. Classic pedicure - 20$ is a best seller for children.
Please give me nail designs for babies
Yes, just wait a moment, a staff member will contact you and send you the most popular nail designs today. You can also visit the link http://localhost:3000/gallery to see the nail designs currently available at the store.
Please give me the most popular nail designs
Yes, just wait a moment, a staff member will contact you and send you the most popular nail designs today. You can also visit the link http://localhost:3000/gallery to see the nail designs currently available at the store.
Please let me make an appointment
Please give me your order information including name, phone number, time of arrival and service you want?
My name is ABC, phone number 0123456789, I want to get my nails done at 9pm this Wednesday.
Yes, the store would like to record your appointment. Thank you for trusting and loving the store's service. See you again at the store.
Hi
Hi, My friend, what could I help you?
Hello
Hi, My friend, what could I help you?
See you
Thank you for your contact, see you at the store